
061 Dockerfile-LABEL-info-in-Docs
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#label

061 Docker-object-labels
https://docs.docker.com/config/labels-custom-metadata/

061 OCI-standard-label-format
https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/annotations.md

061 Dockerfile-ARG-info-in-Docs
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#arg

062 Docker-Hub-Advanced-options-for-autobuild-and-autotest
https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/builds/advanced/

062 Node-Hero-Node.js-Unit-Testing-Tutorial
https://blog.risingstack.com/node-hero-node-js-unit-testing-tutorial/

063 10-npm-Security-Best-Practices
https://snyk.io/blog/ten-npm-security-best-practices/

063 Container-security-scanning-comparison
https://kubedex.com/container-scanning/

063 Part-2-Follow-up-on-Container-Scanning
https://kubedex.com/follow-up-container-scanning-comparison/

063 Docker-image-scanning-how-to
https://sysdig.com/blog/container-security-docker-image-scanning/

063 29-Docker-security-tools-compared
https://sysdig.com/blog/20-docker-security-tools/

064 How-to-deal-with-docker-compose-CI-exit-codes
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29568352/using-docker-compose-with-ci-how-to-deal-with-exit-codes-and-daemonized-linked

064 Hadolint-a-Dockerfile-linter
https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint

064 dockerfilelint-An-opinionated-Dockerfile-linter
https://github.com/replicatedhq/dockerfilelint

064 Docker-Hub-automated-repo-testing-with-docker-compose
https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/builds/automated-testing/

064 Docker-tag-latest-confusion
https://container-solutions.com/docker-latest-confusion/

065 Dockerfile-HEALTHCHECK-docs
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck

065 Effective-Docker-Healthchecks-for-Node.js
https://medium.com/@patrickleet/effective-docker-healthchecks-for-node-js-b11577c3e595

068 Aqua-Microscanner
https://github.com/aquasecurity/microscanner

068 Tini-the-tiny-init
https://github.com/krallin/tini
